7z.exe=7-Zip
chrome.exe=Google Chrome
firefox.exe=Mozilla Firefox
explorer.exe=Windows Explorer
notepad.exe=Notepad
word.exe=Microsoft Word
excel.exe=Microsoft Excel
powerpnt.exe=Microsoft PowerPoint
vlc.exe=VLC Media Player
winamp.exe=Winamp
mspaint.exe=Paint
outlook.exe=Microsoft Outlook
adobe.exe=Adobe Acrobat Reader
skype.exe=Skype
discord.exe=Discord
vscode.exe=Visual Studio Code
spotify.exe=Spotify
steam.exe=Steam
utorrent.exe=uTorrent
winrar.exe=WinRAR
obs.exe=OBS Studio
sublime_text.exe=Sublime Text
eclipse.exe=Eclipse IDE
notepad++.exe=Notepad++
teams.exe=Microsoft Teams
zoom.exe=Zoom
gimp-2.10.exe=GIMP
inkscape.exe=Inkscape
thunderbird.exe=Mozilla Thunderbird
filezilla.exe=FileZilla
paint.net.exe=Paint.NET
chrome.exe=Google Chrome
opera.exe=Opera Browser
libreoffice.exe=LibreOffice
code.exe=Visual Studio Code
putty.exe=PuTTY
steam.exe=Steam
spotify.exe=Spotify
discord.exe=Discord
slack.exe=Slack
whatsapp.exe=WhatsApp
zoom.exe=Zoom
teams.exe=Microsoft Teams
skype.exe=Skype
telegram.exe=Telegram
vlc.exe=VLC Media Player
audacity.exe=Audacity
obs64.exe=OBS Studio
handbrake.exe=HandBrake
krita.exe=Krita
foobar2000.exe=foobar2000
gimp-2.10.exe=GIMP
inkscape.exe=Inkscape
virtualbox.exe=VirtualBox
vncviewer.exe=TightVNC Viewer
putty.exe=PuTTY
filezilla.exe=FileZilla
wireshark.exe=Wireshark
7zFM.exe=7-Zip File Manager
winrar.exe=WinRAR
chrome.exe=Google Chrome
firefox.exe=Mozilla Firefox
edge.exe=Microsoft Edge
opera.exe=Opera Browser
utorrent.exe=uTorrent
qbittorrent.exe=qBittorrent
deluge.exe=Deluge
transmission-qt.exe=Transmission
thunderbird.exe=Mozilla Thunderbird
outlook.exe=Microsoft Outlook
skype.exe=Skype
discord.exe=Discord
slack.exe=Slack
zoom.exe=Zoom
teams.exe=Microsoft Teams
whatsapp.exe=WhatsApp
spotify.exe=Spotify
vlc.exe=VLC Media Player
kodi.exe=Kodi
itunes.exe=iTunes
foobar2000.exe=foobar2000
audacity.exe=Audacity
obs64.exe=OBS Studio
handbrake.exe=HandBrake
mpc-hc64.exe=MPC-HC
notepad++.exe=Notepad++
sublime_text.exe=Sublime Text
atom.exe=Atom
eclipse.exe=Eclipse IDE
intellij.exe=IntelliJ IDEA
android-studio.exe=Android Studio
pycharm64.exe=PyCharm
vscode.exe=Visual Studio Code
netbeans.exe=NetBeans
xampp-control.exe=XAMPP Control Panel
wampmanager.exe=WampServer
brackets.exe=Brackets
pycharm64.exe=PyCharm
anaconda-navigator.exe=Anaconda Navigator
discord.exe=Discord
steam.exe=Steam
vlc.exe=VLC Media Player
utorrent.exe=uTorrent
qbittorrent.exe=qBittorrent
deluge.exe=Deluge
transmission-qt.exe=Transmission
thunderbird.exe=Mozilla Thunderbird
outlook.exe=Microsoft Outlook
skype.exe=Skype
zoom.exe=Zoom
teams.exe=Microsoft Teams
whatsapp.exe=WhatsApp
spotify.exe=Spotify
obs64.exe=OBS Studio
handbrake.exe=HandBrake
mpc-hc64.exe=MPC-HC
notepad++.exe=Notepad++
sublime_text.exe=Sublime Text
atom.exe=Atom
vscode.exe=Visual Studio Code
intellij.exe=IntelliJ IDEA
pycharm64.exe=PyCharm
eclipse.exe=Eclipse IDE
android-studio.exe=Android Studio
netbeans.exe=NetBeans
xampp-control.exe=XAMPP Control Panel
wampmanager.exe=WampServer
brackets.exe=Brackets
pycharm64.exe=PyCharm
anaconda-navigator.exe=Anaconda Navigator
spotify.exe=Spotify
vlc.exe=VLC Media Player
chrome.exe=Google Chrome
firefox.exe=Mozilla Firefox
edge.exe=Microsoft Edge
opera.exe=Opera Browser
qbittorrent.exe=qBittorrent
deluge.exe=Deluge
transmission-qt.exe=Transmission
thunderbird.exe=Mozilla Thunderbird
outlook.exe=Microsoft Outlook
skype.exe=Skype
zoom.exe=Zoom
teams.exe=Microsoft Teams
whatsapp.exe=WhatsApp
discord.exe=Discord
obs64.exe=OBS Studio
handbrake.exe=HandBrake
mpc-hc64.exe=MPC-HC
notepad++.exe=Notepad++
sublime_text.exe=Sublime Text
atom.exe=Atom
eclipse.exe=Eclipse IDE
intellij.exe=IntelliJ IDEA
pycharm64.exe=PyCharm
vscode.exe=Visual Studio Code
netbeans.exe=NetBeans
xampp-control.exe=XAMPP Control Panel
wampmanager.exe=WampServer
brackets.exe=Brackets
pycharm64.exe=PyCharm
anaconda-navigator.exe=Anaconda Navigator
spotify.exe=Spotify
vlc.exe=VLC Media Player
chrome.exe=Google Chrome
firefox.exe=Mozilla Firefox
edge.exe=Microsoft Edge
opera.exe=Opera Browser
qbittorrent.exe=qBittorrent
deluge.exe=Deluge
transmission-qt.exe=Transmission
thunderbird.exe=Mozilla Thunderbird
outlook.exe=Microsoft Outlook
skype.exe=Skype
zoom.exe=Zoom
teams.exe=Microsoft Teams
whatsapp.exe=WhatsApp
discord.exe=Discord
obs64.exe=OBS Studio
handbrake.exe=HandBrake
mpc-hc64.exe=MPC-HC
notepad++.exe=Notepad++
sublime_text.exe=Sublime Text
atom.exe=Atom
eclipse.exe=Eclipse IDE
intellij.exe=IntelliJ IDEA
pycharm64.exe=PyCharm
vscode.exe=Visual Studio Code
netbeans.exe=NetBeans
xampp-control.exe=XAMPP Control Panel
wampmanager.exe=WampServer
brackets.exe=Brackets
pycharm64.exe=PyCharm
anaconda-navigator.exe=Anaconda Navigator
whatsapp.exe=WhatsApp
java.exe=Java Runtime Environment
spotify.exe=Spotify
cpuz.exe=CPU-Z
discord.exe=Discord	
